<!-- Generated by SpecStory -->

# Linter Errors Discussion (2025-04-11 06:49:02)

_**User**_

We got a lot of @Linter errors 

---

_**Assistant**_



---

Your Lordship, let me help you address those linter errors. First, let's examine the ESLint configuration to understand what rules might be causing issues.

---

<details>
            <summary>Searched codebase "eslint.config.js" • **1** results</summary>
        
| File |
|------|
| `undefined` |

</details>

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/eslint.config.js

---

Now, let's check if there's a package.json file with a lint script to run the linter:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/package.json

---

Let's run the lint command to see what errors we're getting:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.b
in
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint .

(node:44918) [MODULE_TYPELESS_PACKAGE_JSON] Warning: Module type of file:///User
s/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
/eslint.config.js?mtime=1744359998203 is not specified and it doesn't parse as C
ommonJS.                               Reparsing as ES module because module syn
tax was detected. This incurs a performance overhead.
To eliminate this warning, add "type": "module" to /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code
/obsidian-magic/package.json.
(Use `node --trace-warnings ...` to show where the warning was created)
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but
the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-intera
ctive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                    import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:22  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'inquirer'                                                         
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/config'                                                  
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                          37:59  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          61:53  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          68:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          68:55  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          77:52  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          90:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          90:56  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          96:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         115:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         127:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         127:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         135:45  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-express
ions                                     144:15  error    Unsafe array destructu
ring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                   
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         167:49  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                import-x/namespac
e
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-dupli
cates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-unres
olved
                                           4:8   error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/config'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
                                           8:8   error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                           import-x/no-unres
olved
                                           9:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
                                          24:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
                                          25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
                                          30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
                                          30:31  error    Unsafe member access .
split on an `any` value                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          30:42  error    Unsafe member access .
reduce on an `any` value                                     @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          31:15  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                             @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-return
                                          31:15  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                    @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                          38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                          61:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
                                          62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          68:22  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unused-vars
                                          70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          74:24  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression  @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                          74:31  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                          92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                          95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                          99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
                                         101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                         124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
                                         132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
                                         141:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
                                         142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
                                         149:18  error    Unexpected empty metho
d 'handler'                                                  @typescript-eslin
t/no-empty-function
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver                    import-x/names
pace
                                          1:1   error    Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          1:1   error    Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
                                          1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
                                          6:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          7:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          8:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          9:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         10:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         13:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         27:28  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         29:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         34:29  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         36:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         41:30  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         43:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         48:33  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         50:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         55:31  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         57:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/namespa
ce
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           3:39  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
                                         107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         111:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         111:42  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         111:50  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         118:11  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         134:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         183:28  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         212:18  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         213:22  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         213:46  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         214:17  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         217:45  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:19  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:35  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:47  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression   @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/config'                                                  
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:69  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/frontmatter'                                             
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:61  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                                             
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                          11:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'cli-progress'                                                     
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                          14:31  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs/promises'                                                      
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                         119:22  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         128:52  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         181:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         185:42  error    Returning a void expre
ssion from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
                                         200:12  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         201:24  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         212:16  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         212:16  error    Use a ! assertion to m
ore succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                        
                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
                                         218:18  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         218:18  error    Use a ! assertion to m
ore succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                        
                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
                                         219:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         220:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         221:44  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         259:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         267:61  error    Invalid type "string |
 undefined" of template literal expression                                    
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         274:72  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         282:55  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         322:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         332:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         351:22  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         352:19  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         353:13  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         431:35  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/namespa
ce
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           3:49  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           5:45  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
                                          15:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          23:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          39:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                          43:59  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          55:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          76:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                          80:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          80:66  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         117:38  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         123:46  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         127:74  error    Unsafe member access .
length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         154:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                         155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         165:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         197:61  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         209:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         242:36  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         248:44  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         251:30  error    Unsafe member access .
domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         251:67  error    Unsafe member access .
tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         253:43  error    Unsafe member access .
domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         255:87  error    Unsafe member access .
tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:37  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:75  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         259:52  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         271:18  error    Unexpected empty metho
d 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:8   error    'path' is defined but
never used                                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/benchmark'                                               
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:48  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          75:9   error    'samples' is assigned
a value but never used                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          82:36  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         115:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         115:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         126:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         127:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         128:32  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         154:14  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         154:32  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         206:23  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         207:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         208:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         220:31  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:28  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:54  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         262:56  error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        6:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'yargs'                                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'yargs/helpers'                                                    
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     8:40  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'dotenv'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     9:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    10:13  error    'fs' is defined but ne
ver used                                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         10:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    11:13  error    'path' is defined but
never used                                                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         11:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    12:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/logger'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    13:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/config'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    14:26  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/errors'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    15:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/cost-manager'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    16:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './commands'                                                       
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    17:17  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../package.json'                                                  
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                   22:20  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                                                             
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-require-imports                     23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                         23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                         23:27  error    Unsafe member access .
notify on an `any` value                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access                24:10  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         39:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing              45:12  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         60:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing              68:12  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         90:13  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition              168:14  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        176:1   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          64:3   error    Async method 'complete
' has no 'await' expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                          64:25  error    'prompt' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         197:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         235:14  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
       @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         249:20  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
       @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         260:35  error    Unnecessary optional c
hain on a non-nullish value                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         266:34  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'
    import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
           import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
           import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
           import-x/no-duplicates
                                           4:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
           import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
           import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'util'                                                             
           import-x/no-unresolved
                                          14:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          37:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          91:39  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          91:69  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         129:13  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         149:34  error    Invalid type "string |
 undefined" of template literal expression                                    
           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         150:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         159:26  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`           
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         159:26  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                                                             
           @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         159:51  error    Unsafe member access .
exec on an `any` value                                                        
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         161:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `F
unction` typed value                                                          
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         163:58  error    Unsafe member access .
stderr on an `any` value                                                      
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         163:65  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         163:74  error    Unsafe member access .
message on an `any` value                                                     
           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         171:18  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression                   
           @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         174:5   warning  Unused eslint-disable
directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argume
nt')
                                         177:7   warning  Unused eslint-disable
directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member
-access')
                                         182:11  warning  Unused eslint-disable
directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')
                                         188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         193:9   warning  Unused eslint-disable
directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         71:16  error    Array type using 'Array
<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a log
ical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional,
value is always truthy                                                        
    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but
 never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
                                         50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         84:16  error    Array type using 'Array
<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/default
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:22   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'inquirer'                                                        
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:19   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'chalk'                                                           
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:24   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module '../utils/logger'                                                 
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                          48:68   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          53:67   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          53:126  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          58:69   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          81:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          89:68   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          95:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         107:15   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         122:10   error    Unsafe member access
.split on an `any` value                                                      
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         123:10   error    Unsafe member access
.map on an `any` value                                                        
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         124:10   error    Unsafe member access
.filter on an `any` value                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `
any` value in an array                                                        
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         133:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         151:39   error    'existingTags' is def
ined but never used                                                           
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         151:63   error    'newTags' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         152:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         167:5    error    Unsafe return of a va
lue of type `any`                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         173:3    error    Async method 'compare
TagSets' has no 'await' expression                                            
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           3:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:10  error    'logger' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:10  error    'costManager' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           5:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './cost-manager'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:45  error    'ValidationError' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:68  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           8:46  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/core'                                                    
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                         109:25  error    Unexpected empty const
ructor                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
                                         115:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         124:3   error    Async method 'loadTest
Cases' has no 'await' expression                                              
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         206:28  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         235:45  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         376:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         394:36  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         428:78  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         439:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         442:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         445:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         475:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'conf'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'zod'                                                              
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'cosmiconfig'                                                      
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:49  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'os'                                                               
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:24  warning  'path' imported multip
le times                                                                      
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          11:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          12:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          12:18  warning  'path' imported multip
le times                                                                      
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          13:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          65:7   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         103:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         127:12  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         152:24  error    Do not delete dynamica
lly computed property keys                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
                                         180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         191:47  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         261:28  error    Unsafe member access .
searchSync on an `any` value                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         262:34  error    Unsafe member access .
searchSync on an `any` value                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         263:7   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         263:22  error    Unsafe member access .
config on an `any` value                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         263:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         291:25  error    Type parameter T is us
ed only once in the function signature                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './config'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is ass
igned a value but never used                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is a
ssigned a value but never used                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WO
RD' is assigned a value but never used                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CH
ARACTER' is assigned a value but never used                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          62:11  error    'CostData' is defined
but never used                                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' i
s defined but never used                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         116:27  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         116:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         129:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         161:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy
                                       
     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          13:25  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                          15:7   error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                          23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          44:16  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
       @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                          44:38  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         118:50  error    Type number trivially
inferred from a number literal, remove type annotation                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
                                         134:38  error    Invalid type "number |
 boolean" of template literal expression                                      
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         147:32  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         161:21  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         180:50  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is b
etter written in dot notation                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
                                         180:50  error    Unsafe member access [
'obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         181:19  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is b
etter written in dot notation                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
                                         181:19  error    Unsafe member access [
'obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         197:24  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                         202:21  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                       import-x/n
amespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/d
efault
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-duplicates
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default-member
                                           1:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
                                           2:31  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'ora'                                                    import-x/n
o-unresolved
                                           3:53  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'boxen'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
                                          28:3   error    The generic type argum
ents should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments  @typescrip
t-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
                                          30:25  error    Unexpected empty const
ructor                                                              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-empty-function
                                          36:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                            @typescrip
t-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                  @typescrip
t-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         148:32  error    Type string trivially
inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
                                         172:32  error    Type string trivially
inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
                                         183:29  error    Type string trivially
inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:30  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'events'                                                           
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                          51:3   error    The generic type argum
ents should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments            
                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
                                          53:3   error    The generic type argum
ents should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments            
                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
                                         118:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         118:86  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         126:17  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         130:9   error    Expected the Promise r
ejection reason to be an Error                                                
                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
                                         219:66  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         232:19  error    Promise returned in fu
nction argument where a void return was expected                              
                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test
.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.jso
n or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json o
r including it in allowDefaultProject  
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or inclu
ding it in allowDefaultProject         
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json o
r including it in allowDefaultProject  
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or includin
g it in allowDefaultProject            
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Imports "App" are only
 used as type                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-type-imports                 1:80  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:61  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/TagManagementView'                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:67  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     4:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/TaggingService'                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     5:36  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/DocumentTagService'                                    
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     6:28  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/KeyManager'                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/FolderTagModal'                                              
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    87:3   error    Promise-returning meth
od provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-misused-promises                    87:3   error    Async method 'onunload
' has no 'await' expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                          95:5   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  143:13  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  171:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  180:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  197:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  211:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  226:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  236:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  251:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  265:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  270:36  error    Type boolean trivially
 inferred from a boolean literal, remove type annotation                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-inferrable-types                   271:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition              298:60  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         338:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                        359:43  error    Promise returned in fu
nction argument where a void return was expected                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-misused-promises                   369:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  369:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                        402:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                      
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/D
ocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        1:1   error    Imports "EditorView" a
re only used as type                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-type-imports                 8:8   error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@codemirror/view'                                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     9:33  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@codemirror/state'                                                
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    10:28  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@codemirror/language'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    14:8   error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    54:26  error    'plugin' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         85:51  error    Returning a void expre
ssion from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function                                                  @typescript-esli
nt/no-confusing-void-expression           97:35  error    'view' is defined but
never used                                                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        142:11  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  154:13  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  203:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    205:9   error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-optional-chain                 211:37  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    215:11  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-optional-chain               
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/K
eyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           1:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'
        import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         101:27  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         104:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         105:22  error    Unsafe member access .
setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         129:9   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         129:34  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         132:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         133:9   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         133:29  error    Unsafe member access .
getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         153:27  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         156:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         157:22  error    Unsafe member access .
deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         250:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         252:7   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         263:16  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/T
aggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        4:87  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     5:1   error    Imports "TFile" are on
ly used as type                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-type-imports                 5:31  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:99  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    36:18  error    An interface declaring
 no members is equivalent to its supertype                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-object-type                  132:54  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             138:86  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       196:22  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-non-null-assertion                 201:9   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  211:78  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/e
rrors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a lo
gical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         179:9   error  Forbidden non-null asser
tion                                                                          
     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderT
agModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver             import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver             import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver             import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver             import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault
                                         1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescrip
t with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault-member
                                         1:49  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'obsidian'                                     import-x/no-unresolved
  6:3   error    Type boolean trivially inferred from a boolean literal, remove
type annotation  @typescript-eslint/no-
inferrable-types
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagMana
gementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf
" are only used as type                                                       
                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
                                           1:41  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                          26:3   error    Async method 'onOpen'
has no 'await' expression                                                     
                @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                          84:50  error    Type string trivially
inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation                        
                @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
                                         120:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         127:47  error    Returning a void expre
ssion from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
                                         134:49  error    Returning a void expre
ssion from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
                                         138:25  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
                @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         154:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         154:85  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         156:35  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         191:19  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         227:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         265:32  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
                @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisu
alizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                         import-x
/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf
" are only used as type                                               @typescr
ipt-eslint/consistent-type-imports
                                           1:41  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                 import-x
/no-unresolved
                                          28:3   error    Async method 'onOpen'
has no 'await' expression                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/require-await
                                         156:15  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                         157:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         158:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         159:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         160:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         171:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         172:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         173:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         174:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         177:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         178:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         179:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         180:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         184:22  error    'zoom' is defined but
never used                                                            @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         190:24  error    'filter' is defined bu
t never used                                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         196:25  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
                                         235:21  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         250:11  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                         251:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                         @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         274:24  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         274:88  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integrat
ion.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsco
nfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.t
est.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.
json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either includin
g it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in
the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it
 in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the
tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/Folde
rTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in th
e tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagMa
nagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in
 the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVi
sualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it
 in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-mod
el-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          50:34  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          54:16  error    Returning an awaited p
romise is required in this context                                            
       @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                          61:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          97:34  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         110:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         137:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         173:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         207:22  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         221:3   error    Async method 'fallback
Generation' has no 'await' expression                                         
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         223:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         242:39  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         253:52  error    Unsafe member access .
registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:9   error    Async method 'provideL
anguageModel' has no 'await' expression                                       
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         260:40  error    Unsafe member access .
find on an `any` value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         260:59  error    Unsafe member access .
role on an `any` value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         266:56  error    Unsafe member access .
content on an `any` value                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         266:64  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         286:29  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         297:35  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.t
s
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:1   error    Imports "connection" a
re only used as type                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-type-imports                 2:55  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'websocket'                                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error"
 instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/ban-ts-comment                          4:15  error    'Message' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                          5:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'http'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     6:35  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './participants/vscode-participant'                                
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:34  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './language-model-api'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        27:3   error    The generic type argum
ents should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-generic-constructors        95:55  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         110:51  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         114:42  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         115:78  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       171:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    171:72  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             172:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    172:62  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             173:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    175:13  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-optional-chain                 176:11  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                      178:11  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                      216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .
type on an `any` value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               219:9   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .
type on an `any` value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument                    237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .
id on an `any` value                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         256:9   error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`                  
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument                    256:14  error    Unsafe member access .
id on an `any` value                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               317:35  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                    
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants
/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'vscode'                                                          
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:27   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './cursor/mcp-server'                                             
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:37   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './views/tag-explorer'                                            
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:41   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './services/vault-integration'                                    
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:34   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './cursor/language-model-api'                                     
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                         124:48   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         126:43   error    Invalid type "number"
 of template literal expression                                               
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         162:101  error    Async arrow function
has no 'await' expression                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         192:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         199:18   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         295:15   error    'progress' is defined
 but never used                                                               
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         295:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         350:23   error    Unsafe member access
.type on an `any` value                                                       
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         353:30   error    Unsafe member access
.type on an `any` value                                                       
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         380:89   error    Async arrow function
has no 'await' expression                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         404:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         422:38   error    Use the `RegExp#exec(
)` method instead                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                         422:83   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         423:37   error    Use the `RegExp#exec(
)` method instead                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                         423:61   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         426:21   error    Array type using 'Arr
ay<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                        
        @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         428:15   error    Prefer using an optio
nal chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read         
        @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                         429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         524:22   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         528:69   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         552:18   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         554:33   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         590:18   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         592:33   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         617:22   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         624:22   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-inte
gration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs'                                                               
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    51:3   error    The generic type argum
ents should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/consistent-generic-constructors        56:5   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaul
ts' has no 'await' expression                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                          81:19  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition               83:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .
configVersion on an `any` value                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               124:55  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         140:16  error    'err' is defined but n
ever used                                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        234:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leChange' has no 'await' expression                                           
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         255:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leCreation' has no 'await' expression                                         
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         276:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leDeletion' has no 'await' expression                                         
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllV
aults' has no 'await' expression                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         304:39  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             325:45  error    'token' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        405:13  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/only-throw-error                      455:40  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    461:49  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             465:38  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-regexp-exec                    467:13  error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-optional-chain                 474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-non-null-assertion               
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.
ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'vscode'                                                          
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                          17:82   error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          17:143  error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          18:75   error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          33:16   error    'element' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:22   error    'item' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:45   error    'element' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:63   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         184:36   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         201:11   error    Unnecessary condition
al, value is always falsy                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         253:44   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         265:33   error    Invalid type "number"
 of template literal expression                                               
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         286:35   error    Unsafe return of a va
lue of type `any`                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscod
e-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/v
scode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it i
n the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.te
st.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/v
scode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.j
son or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config
/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including i
t in allowDefaultProject               
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/pack
ages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject        54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject        86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject       218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject     
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.
ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packag
es/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json
 or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/errors/index.ts
  39:23  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typ
escript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
                                         45:9   error  Explicit undefined is unn
ecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
                                         77:27  error  Explicit undefined is unn
ecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
                                         94:25  error  Explicit undefined is unn
ecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver                                    
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                          1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript
 with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                    
    import-x/export
                                          9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging'                                                           
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging/taxonomy'                                                  
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging/batch'                                                     
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './openai'                                                            
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './openai/prompts'                                                    
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './markdown'                                                          
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './errors'                                                            
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         38:28  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         39:30  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         40:31  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         41:33  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         42:38  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any`
 typed value                                                                  
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         57:21  error  Unsafe member access .get
TaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value                                           
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                         import-x
/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
                                          14:31  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../errors'                                                import-x
/no-unresolved
                                          65:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                          67:9   error    Prefer using an option
al chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                         114:23  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         143:25  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         176:21  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         180:36  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
                                         202:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()
` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                         259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                       @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         341:32  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         341:63  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
                                         345:13  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         345:21  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         440:24  error    Use a ! assertion to m
ore succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
                                         444:34  error    Use a ! assertion to m
ore succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
            import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           5:20  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'openai'                                                           
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:36  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'tiktoken'                                                         
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:20  error    'AppError' is defined
but never used                                                                
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           7:64  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../errors'                                                        
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                         225:18  error    'parseError' is define
d but never used                                                              
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         315:19  error    '_' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         330:9   error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`                  
            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         330:25  error    Unsafe member access .
status on an `any` value                                                      
            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         378:7   error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         383:14  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         393:14  error    Unexpected class with
only static properties                                                        
            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
                                         560:44  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         582:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         603:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                          97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of
 template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of
 template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:1   error    All imports in the dec
laration are only used as types. Use `import type`                            
       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
                                           5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './index'                                                          
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:33  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai/prompts'                                                
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defi
ned but never used                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           7:30  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai'                                                        
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          54:12  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
       @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                          62:11  error    Array type using 'Arra
y<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         
       @typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         112:26  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         120:34  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`            
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         120:47  error    Unsafe member access .
totalTokens on an `error` typed value                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         121:32  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`            
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         121:45  error    Unsafe member access .
estimatedCost on an `error` typed value                                       
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         125:59  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unk
nown` for a `catch` callback variable                                         
       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
                                         149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         152:34  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         157:19  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
                                         220:78  error    Unnecessary optional c
hain on a non-nullish value                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          11:1   error    Imports "OpenAIClient"
 are only used as type                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
                                          11:49  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai'                                                        
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          39:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          90:46  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          91:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         151:54  error    'tag' is defined but n
ever used                                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         152:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         231:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         239:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.
ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 





  import-x/namespace
1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er                                 





  import-x/no-duplicates                                                      26
4:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the con
structor type arguments            





  @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors                          26
5:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the con
structor type arguments            





  @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors                          26
6:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the con
structor type arguments            





  @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors                          28
5:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an as
signment expression, as it is simpl
er to read




  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing                                29
4:42  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type o
f the expression                   





  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion                            29
8:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special chara
cters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into i
ndividual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many la
nguages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, d
isable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
                                         306:80  error    This assertion is unne
cessary since it does not change the type of the expression                   





  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion                            37
3:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an as
signment expression, as it is simpl
er to read




  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.tes
t.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver                                 i
mport-x/namespace
                                          1:1   error    Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 i
mport-x/no-unresolved
                                          1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 i
mport-x/no-duplicates
                                          4:26  error    Unable to resolve path
to module 'util'                                                             i
mport-x/no-unresolved
                                         13:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         16:7   error    `isObject` is deprecate
d. Since v4.0.0 - Use `value !== null && typeof value === 'object'` instead  @
typescript-eslint/no-deprecated
                                         16:27  error    `isObject` is deprecate
d. Since v4.0.0 - Use `value !== null && typeof value === 'object'` instead  @
typescript-eslint/no-deprecated
                                         19:11  error    `isObject` is deprecate
d. Since v4.0.0 - Use `value !== null && typeof value === 'object'` instead  @
typescript-eslint/no-deprecated
                                         24:15  error    `isObject` is deprecate
d. Since v4.0.0 - Use `value !== null && typeof value === 'object'` instead  @
typescript-eslint/no-deprecated
                                         25:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                                 @
typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         26:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         27:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         28:18  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         30:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                                 @
typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         30:53  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         49:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         49:37  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<any>`                        @
typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         49:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         66:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         66:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                                                            @
typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         68:17  error    Array type using 'Array
<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         @
typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         69:16  error    Array type using 'Array
<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                         @
typescript-eslint/array-type
                                         75:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                                 @
typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         79:5   error    Unsafe return of type `
any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`                          @
typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         79:12  error    Use a ! assertion to mo
re succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                        @
typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'
     import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/namespace
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/no-duplicates
  98:19  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead
       @typescript-eslint/array-type

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union typ
e  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          29:5  error  "design" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          30:5  error  "psychology" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          31:5  error  "business" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          32:5  error  "science" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by s
tring in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          34:5  error  "entertainment" is overri
dden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          35:5  error  "technology" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          36:5  error  "health" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          37:5  error  "education" is overridden
 by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          38:5  error  "finance" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          39:5  error  "productivity" is overrid
den by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          40:5  error  "writing" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by str
ing in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         208:5  error  "comparison" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         210:5  error  "critique" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         211:5  error  "review" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         212:5  error  "history" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         213:5  error  "future" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         215:5  error  "innovation" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by
string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         219:5  error  "techniques" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         220:5  error  "resources" is overridden
 by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         221:5  error  "case-study" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         222:5  error  "problem-solving" is over
ridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         223:5  error  "decision-making" is over
ridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         224:5  error  "productivity" is overrid
den by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         225:5  error  "communication" is overri
dden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.t
s
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.
ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
                                         4:19  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           4:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
        import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
        import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          47:11  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
                                          71:37  error    Type parameter T is us
ed only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
                                         146:11  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'
     import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.t
s
   11:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead
                                       
     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                          12:10  error  Prefer using an optional
 chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read            
     @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
                                          73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression                                                     
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                          75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression                                                     
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                          81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression                                                 
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                          98:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()`
method instead                                                                
     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
                                         108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
                                         59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a
 different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
                                         77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value
of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/inde
x.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                       
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                       30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                       47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint
/prefer-nullish-coalescing                99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `a
ny` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`                            
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-return                        108:14  error  Forbidden non-null asser
tion                                                                          
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-non-null-assertion                   111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an
`any` value                                                                   
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-assignment                    112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type
`any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`                         
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                      113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value
 of type `any`                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-return                        136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an
`any` value                                                                   
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-assignment                    136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         147:7   error  Promises must be awaited
, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint
/no-floating-promises                    170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                    
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
                                         4:16  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                         130:42   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         131:55   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         131:85   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         133:47   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         134:65   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         134:100  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         136:44   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         137:59   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         137:91   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         139:47   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         140:65   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         140:100  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         142:48   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         143:67   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         143:103  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         145:55   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         146:81   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         146:124  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         160:38   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         161:51   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         161:81   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         163:43   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         164:61   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         164:96   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         166:40   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         167:55   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         167:87   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         169:43   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         170:61   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         170:96   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         172:44   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         173:63   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         173:99   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         175:51   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         176:77   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         176:120  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index
.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 

                                                     import-x/namespace

  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver                                 

                                                     import-x/no-unresolved

  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver                                 

                                                     import-x/no-duplicates

  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
                                     

                                                     import-x/no-unresolved

 12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
 13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
 15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
string`                              

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" |
 "technology" | "health" | "education" | "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflect
ion" | "planning" | "question" | "analysis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any                                                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: Cannot read properties of undefined (reading 'sourc
eFile')

✖ 1297 problems (1199 errors, 98 warnings)
  90 errors and 4 warnings potentially fixable with the `--fix` option.

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 43.132 total:
  User time: 46.150
  System time: 9.052
  CPU usage: 127%
  Max memory: 2790000 KB

```

---

Now let's check the tsconfig files to understand how the project is structured:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/tsconfig.base.json

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/tsconfig.json

---

Let's take a look at the package.json in the testing package:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/package.json

---

Now let's see the directory structure of the testing package:

---

<details>
            <summary>Listed directory packages/testing/src • **2** results</summary>
        
| Name |
|-------|
| 📁 `mocks` |
| 📄 `index.ts` |

</details>

---

Let's check the content of the index.ts file:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts

---

Now, let's look at the mocks directory:

---

<details>
            <summary>Listed directory packages/testing/src/mocks • **2** results</summary>
        
| Name |
|-------|
| 📄 `utils.ts` |
| 📄 `index.ts` |

</details>

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts

---

Based on my analysis of the project and the linter errors, here's what needs to be done to fix the linter errors in the testing package:

---

```diff
   * Mock utility functions for testing
   */
- import { isObject } from 'util';
+ import { promisify } from 'util';
+ 
+ /**
+  * Check if a value is an object (not null)
+  * 
+  * @param value - Value to check
+  * @returns True if the value is an object
+  */
+ function isObjectValue(value: unknown): value is Record<string, unknown> {
+   return value !== null && typeof value === 'object';
+ }
  
  /**
   * @returns A new object with merged properties
   */
- export function deepMerge<T extends Record<string, any>>(target: T, source: Partial<T>): T {
+ export function deepMerge<T extends Record<string, unknown>>(target: T, source: Partial<T>): T {
    const output = { ...target };
    
-   if (isObject(target) && isObject(source)) {
+   if (isObjectValue(target) && isObjectValue(source)) {
      Object.keys(source).forEach(key => {
        const sourceValue = source[key as keyof typeof source];
-       if (isObject(sourceValue)) {
+       if (isObjectValue(sourceValue)) {
          if (!(key in target)) {
            Object.assign(output, { [key]: sourceValue });
          } else {
            const targetValue = target[key as keyof typeof target];
-           if (isObject(targetValue)) {
+           if (isObjectValue(targetValue)) {
              output[key as keyof T] = deepMerge(
-               targetValue as Record<string, any>,
-               sourceValue as Record<string, any>
-             ) as any;
+               targetValue,
+               sourceValue
+             ) as unknown as T[keyof T];
            } else {
-             output[key as keyof T] = sourceValue as any;
+             output[key as keyof T] = sourceValue as T[keyof T];
            }
          }
   */
  export function createPartialMock<T extends object>(original: T, overrides: Partial<T> = {}): T {
-   return deepMerge(original as any, overrides as any) as T;
+   return deepMerge(original as Record<string, unknown>, overrides as Record<string, unknown>) as T;
  }
  
   * @returns A spy function that records calls
   */
- export function createSpy<T extends (...args: any[]) => any>(
+ export function createSpy<T extends (...args: unknown[]) => unknown>(
    implementation?: T
- ): T & { calls: Array<{ args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> | undefined }> } {
-   const calls: Array<{ args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> | undefined }> = [];
+ ): T & { calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> }[] } {
+   const calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> }[] = [];
    
    const spy = ((...args: Parameters<T>): ReturnType<T> => {
```

---

Let's fix the remaining linter errors in the utils.ts file:

---

```diff
            const targetValue = target[key as keyof typeof target];
            if (isObjectValue(targetValue)) {
+             // Type assertion needed for compatibility
              output[key as keyof T] = deepMerge(
-               targetValue,
-               sourceValue
+               targetValue as Record<string, unknown>,
+               sourceValue as Record<string, unknown>
              ) as unknown as T[keyof T];
            } else {
  export function createSpy<T extends (...args: unknown[]) => unknown>(
    implementation?: T
- ): T & { calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> }[] } {
-   const calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> }[] = [];
+ ): T & { calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> | undefined }[] } {
+   const calls: { args: Parameters<T>; result?: ReturnType<T> | undefined }[] = [];
    
    const spy = ((...args: Parameters<T>): ReturnType<T> => {
```

---

Let's make one more attempt to fix the remaining linter error:

---

```diff
    
    const spy = ((...args: Parameters<T>): ReturnType<T> => {
-     let result: ReturnType<T> | undefined;
+     let result: unknown;
      
      if (implementation) {
        result = implementation(...args);
      }
      
-     calls.push({ args, result });
+     calls.push({ args, result: result as ReturnType<T> | undefined });
      return result as ReturnType<T>;
    }) as T & { calls: typeof calls };
```

---

Now let's verify there aren't any other changes needed to the testing package:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint packages/testing/**
```

```
➜ cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint packages/testing/**
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint . packages/testing/node_modules packages/testing/package.json packages/testing/src packages/testing/tsconfig.j
son

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic

Oops! Something went wrong! :(

ESLint: 9.24.0

You are linting "packages/testing/node_modules", but all of the files matching the glob pattern "packages/testing/node_
modules" are ignored.

If you don't want to lint these files, remove the pattern "packages/testing/node_modules" from the list of arguments pa
ssed to ESLint.

If you do want to lint these files, explicitly list one or more of the files from this glob that you'd like to lint to 
see more details about why they are ignored.

  * If the file is ignored because of a matching ignore pattern, check global ignores in your config file.
    https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/ignore

  * If the file is ignored because no matching configuration was supplied, check file patterns in your config file.
    https://eslint.org/docs/latest/use/configure/configuration-files#specifying-files-with-arbitrary-extensions

  * If the file is ignored because it is located outside of the base path, change the location of your config file to b
e in a parent directory.

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 2.
khallmark in obsidian-magic …                                                                     06:52:05 at Voyager 
➜
```

---

Let's try a different command to lint only the src directory:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint "packages/testing/src/**"
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint . packages/testing/src/\*\*

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/namespac
e
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-dupli
cates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-unres
olved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                           import-x/no-unres
olved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                                     @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                                             @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-return
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                    @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unused-vars
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   74:24  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression  @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
   74:31  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                  @typescript-eslin
t/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:47  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression   @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-type-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  185:42  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type

                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type

                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  235:14  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  249:20  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:35  error    Unnecessary optional chain on a non-nullish value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

           import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

           import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

           import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

           @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:18  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression

           @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  174:5   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argume
nt')
  177:7   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member
-access')
  182:11  warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  193:9   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  71:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  84:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:25  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   15:7   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
   44:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:50  error    Type number trivially inferred from a number literal, remove type annotation

       @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is better written in dot notation

       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access ['obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is better written in dot notation

       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access ['obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  197:24  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
amespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/d
efault
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default-member
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                                                    import-x/n
o-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
   28:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments  @typescrip
t-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                                              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-empty-function
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                            @typescrip
t-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                                  @typescrip
t-eslint/no-explicit-any
  148:32  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  172:32  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  183:29  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   51:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   53:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Imports "App" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:80  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   87:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   87:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   95:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  171:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  180:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  197:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  211:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  226:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  236:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  251:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  265:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  270:36  error    Type boolean trivially inferred from a boolean literal, remove type annotation

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  271:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  298:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  338:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  359:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  369:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  369:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  402:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "EditorView" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/view'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   85:51  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function                                                  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  203:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  205:9   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  211:37  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  215:11  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:1   error    Imports "TFile" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    5:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   36:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  132:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  138:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  196:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  201:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  211:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault-member
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                                     import-x/no-unresolved
  6:3   error    Type boolean trivially inferred from a boolean literal, remove type annotation  @typescript-eslint/no-
inferrable-types

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf" are only used as type

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:41  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   26:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   84:50  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation

                @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  120:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  127:47  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  134:49  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  138:25  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

                @typescript-eslint/array-type
  154:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  154:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  156:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  191:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  227:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  265:32  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

                @typescript-eslint/array-type

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf" are only used as type                                               @typescr
ipt-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:41  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                                                 import-x
/no-unresolved
   28:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/require-await
  156:15  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  157:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  171:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  177:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  184:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                                            @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
  190:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
  196:25  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
  235:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  250:11  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  251:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                         @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  274:24  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  274:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:1   error    Imports "connection" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    2:55  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   27:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  171:72  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  172:62  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  175:13  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:38   error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  422:83   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:37   error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  423:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  426:21   error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

        @typescript-eslint/array-type
  428:15   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   51:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  455:40  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  465:38  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  467:13  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/errors/index.ts
  39:23  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  45:9   error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  77:27  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  94:25  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                                                import-x
/no-unresolved
   65:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   67:9   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  114:23  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  143:25  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  176:21  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  180:36  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  202:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                                       @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  341:63  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  440:24  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  444:34  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:1   error    All imports in the declaration are only used as types. Use `import type`

       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './index'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   54:12  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
   62:11  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  220:78  error    Unnecessary optional chain on a non-nullish value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:1   error    Imports "OpenAIClient" are only used as type

       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
   11:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  151:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  231:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  239:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  264:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  265:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  266:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  294:42  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression




                                             @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  306:80  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression




                                             @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  98:19  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   11:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   12:10  error  Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   98:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1359 problems (1261 errors, 98 warnings)
  87 errors and 4 warnings potentially fixable with the `--fix` option.

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 53.002 total:
  User time: 55.112
  System time: 11.238
  CPU usage: 125%
  Max memory: 2922816 KB

```

---



---



---

Your Grace, there are a substantial number of linter errors across the codebase. The main categories of errors include:

1. TypeScript-specific issues:
   - Unsafe type assertions and operations
   - Improper handling of nullable types
   - Missing or incorrect type definitions
   - Unnecessary conditionals

2. Import-related issues:
   - Unresolved module imports
   - Improper import syntax

3. Best practices issues:
   - Prefer using nullish coalescing operators
   - No unused variables
   - Proper promise handling

Let me look at the testing package that was mentioned in your current file:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/tsconfig.json

---



---



---

Let me check the lint script and run it to see what errors we need to fix:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint .

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/namespac
e
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-dupli
cates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                import-x/no-unres
olved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                           import-x/no-unres
olved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                 import-x/no-unres
olved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                              @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                                     @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-member-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                                             @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-return
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                    @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-eslin
t/no-unused-vars
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   74:24  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression  @typescript-eslin
t/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
   74:31  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                           @typescript-eslin
t/no-explicit-any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                  @typescript-eslin
t/restrict-template-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                   @typescript-eslin
t/require-await
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                                       @typescript-eslin
t/no-unsafe-call
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                  @typescript-eslin
t/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:47  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression   @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-type-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  185:42  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type

                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type

                @typescript-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  235:14  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  249:20  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:35  error    Unnecessary optional chain on a non-nullish value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

           import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

           import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

           import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

           import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

           @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

           @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

           @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:18  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression

           @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  174:5   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argume
nt')
  177:7   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member
-access')
  182:11  warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

           @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  193:9   warning  Unused eslint-disable directive (no problems were reported from '@typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assign
ment')

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  71:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  84:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:25  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   15:7   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:16  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
   44:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:50  error    Type number trivially inferred from a number literal, remove type annotation

       @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is better written in dot notation

       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access ['obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    ["obsidianMagic"] is better written in dot notation

       @typescript-eslint/dot-notation
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access ['obsidianMagic'] on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  197:24  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

       @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
amespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/d
efault
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                       import-x/n
o-named-as-default-member
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                                                    import-x/n
o-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                                                  import-x/n
o-unresolved
   28:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments  @typescrip
t-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                                              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-empty-function
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                            @typescrip
t-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                                  @typescrip
t-eslint/no-explicit-any
  148:32  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  172:32  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  183:29  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation              @typescrip
t-eslint/no-inferrable-types

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   51:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   53:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Imports "App" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:80  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   87:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   87:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   95:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  171:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  180:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  197:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  211:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  226:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  236:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  251:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  265:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  270:36  error    Type boolean trivially inferred from a boolean literal, remove type annotation

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  271:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  298:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  338:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  359:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  369:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  369:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  402:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "EditorView" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/view'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   85:51  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function                                                  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  203:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  205:9   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  211:37  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  215:11  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:1   error    Imports "TFile" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    5:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   36:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  132:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  138:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  196:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  201:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  211:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver             import-x/no-named-as-d
efault-member
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                                     import-x/no-unresolved
  6:3   error    Type boolean trivially inferred from a boolean literal, remove type annotation  @typescript-eslint/no-
inferrable-types

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf" are only used as type

                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:41  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                import-x/no-unresolved
   26:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   84:50  error    Type string trivially inferred from a string literal, remove type annotation

                @typescript-eslint/no-inferrable-types
  120:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  127:47  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  134:49  error    Returning a void expression from an arrow function shorthand is forbidden. Please add braces to the 
arrow function  @typescript-eslint/no-confusing-void-expression
  138:25  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

                @typescript-eslint/array-type
  154:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  154:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  156:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  191:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  227:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  265:32  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

                @typescript-eslint/array-type

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-named-as-default-member
    1:1   error    Imports "WorkspaceLeaf" are only used as type                                               @typescr
ipt-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    1:41  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                                                 import-x
/no-unresolved
   28:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/require-await
  156:15  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  157:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  171:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  177:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  184:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                                            @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
  190:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unused-vars
  196:25  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
  235:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                                                @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  250:11  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  251:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                         @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  274:24  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  274:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                                          @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:1   error    Imports "connection" are only used as type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    2:55  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   27:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  171:72  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  172:62  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:36  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  175:13  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:38   error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  422:83   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:37   error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  423:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  426:21   error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

        @typescript-eslint/array-type
  428:15   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

        @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   51:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments

                                                                @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  455:40  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  465:38  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  467:13  error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

                                                                @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/errors/index.ts
  39:23  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  45:9   error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  77:27  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents
  94:25  error  Explicit undefined is unnecessary on an optional parameter  @typescript-eslint/no-duplicate-type-consti
tuents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                         import-x
/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                                                import-x
/no-unresolved
   65:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   67:9   error    Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read  @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
  114:23  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  143:25  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  176:21  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  180:36  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  202:27  error    Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead                                                      @typescr
ipt-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                           @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                                       @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  341:63  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead                                 @typescr
ipt-eslint/array-type
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                                             @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  440:24  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style
  444:34  error    Use a ! assertion to more succinctly remove null and undefined from the type                @typescr
ipt-eslint/non-nullable-type-assertion-style

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:1   error    All imports in the declaration are only used as types. Use `import type`

       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './index'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   54:12  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
   62:11  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead

       @typescript-eslint/array-type
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  220:78  error    Unnecessary optional chain on a non-nullish value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:1   error    Imports "OpenAIClient" are only used as type

       @typescript-eslint/consistent-type-imports
   11:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  151:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  231:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  239:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  264:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  265:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  266:3   error    The generic type arguments should be specified as part of the constructor type arguments




                                             @typescript-eslint/consistent-generic-constructors
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  294:42  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression




                                             @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  306:80  error    This assertion is unnecessary since it does not change the type of the expression




                                             @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-assertion
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  98:19  error    Array type using 'Array<T>' is forbidden. Use 'T[]' instead          @typescript-eslint/array-type

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   11:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
   12:10  error  Prefer using an optional chain expression instead, as it's more concise and easier to read

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-optional-chain
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   98:25  error  Use the `RegExp#exec()` method instead

     @typescript-eslint/prefer-regexp-exec
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1359 problems (1261 errors, 98 warnings)
  87 errors and 4 warnings potentially fixable with the `--fix` option.

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 1:01.24 total:
  User time: 59.078
  System time: 15.722
  CPU usage: 122%
  Max memory: 2764624 KB

```

---



---



---

Let me check the specific linter errors related to the testing package:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint "packages/testing/**"
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint . packages/testing/\*\*

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                   import-x/no-unresolved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'             import-x/no-unresolved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                    @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

       @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                             import-x/no-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                               import-x/no-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                             import-x/no-unresolved
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                         @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:75  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   88:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   88:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   96:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  172:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  181:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  198:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  227:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  237:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  252:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  266:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  272:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  299:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  339:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  360:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  370:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  370:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  403:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   37:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  133:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  202:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   27:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  121:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  157:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  192:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  228:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
   29:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                      @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  161:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  175:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  181:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  185:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  191:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  236:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  252:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  275:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                   @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:43  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:73  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:63  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:84   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:62   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                         import-x/no-unresolved
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  440:24  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  444:34  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   12:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   40:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   92:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  153:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  240:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   12:10  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to r
ead  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1270 problems (1176 errors, 94 warnings)

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 50.974 total:
  User time: 52.851
  System time: 10.868
  CPU usage: 125%
  Max memory: 2944816 KB

```

---



---



---

Let me check the testing package's structure and fix the issues there:

---

<details>
            <summary>Listed directory packages/testing • **4** results</summary>
        
| Name |
|-------|
| 📄 `package.json` |
| 📁 `node_modules` |
| 📄 `tsconfig.json` |
| 📁 `src` |

</details>

---



---



---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/tsconfig.json

---



---



---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint .

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                   import-x/no-unresolved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'             import-x/no-unresolved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                    @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

       @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                             import-x/no-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                               import-x/no-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                             import-x/no-unresolved
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                         @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:75  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   88:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   88:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   96:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  172:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  181:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  198:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  227:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  237:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  252:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  266:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  272:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  299:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  339:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  360:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  370:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  370:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  403:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   37:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  133:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  202:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   27:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  121:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  157:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  192:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  228:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
   29:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                      @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  161:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  175:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  181:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  185:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  191:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  236:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  252:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  275:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                   @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:43  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:73  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:63  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:84   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:62   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                         import-x/no-unresolved
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  440:24  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  444:34  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   12:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   40:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   92:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  153:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  240:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   12:10  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to r
ead  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1270 problems (1176 errors, 94 warnings)

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 46.703 total:
  User time: 48.857
  System time: 9.799
  CPU usage: 125%
  Max memory: 2830144 KB

```

---



---



---

Let me look specifically at errors in the testing package:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint "packages/testing/**"
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint . packages/testing/\*\*

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                   import-x/no-unresolved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'             import-x/no-unresolved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                    @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

       @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                             import-x/no-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                               import-x/no-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                             import-x/no-unresolved
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                         @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:75  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   88:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   88:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   96:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  172:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  181:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  198:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  227:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  237:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  252:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  266:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  272:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  299:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  339:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  360:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  370:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  370:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  403:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   37:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  133:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  202:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   27:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  121:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  157:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  192:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  228:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
   29:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                      @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  161:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  175:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  181:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  185:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  191:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  236:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  252:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  275:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                   @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:43  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:73  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:63  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:84   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:62   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                         import-x/no-unresolved
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  440:24  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  444:34  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   12:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   40:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   92:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  153:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  240:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   12:10  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to r
ead  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1270 problems (1176 errors, 94 warnings)

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 49.885 total:
  User time: 51.833
  System time: 10.662
  CPU usage: 125%
  Max memory: 2820224 KB

```

---



---



---

Let me fix the issues in the testing package's utils.ts file:

---

Read file: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts

---



---



---

Let me see what other linter errors exist by running the linter command:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint .

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-interactive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:22  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
    7:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

                                    import-x/no-unresolved
   37:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   61:53  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   68:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   77:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   90:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   90:56  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   96:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   99:28  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  115:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:26  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  127:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  135:45  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  144:15  error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  167:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  182:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  185:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'                   import-x/no-unresolved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'             import-x/no-unresolved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
   30:31  error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:42  error    Unsafe member access .reduce on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
   30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   31:15  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
   31:15  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
   36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   61:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
   62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   68:22  error    'e' is defined but never used                                        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
   70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
   95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
   99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
  132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  141:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  149:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                    @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/names
pace
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
   6:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
   7:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
   8:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
   9:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
  10:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
  13:15  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
  27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  27:28  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  29:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:29  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  36:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:30  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  43:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  48:33  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  50:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
  55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
  55:31  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
  56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
  57:12  error    'error' is defined but never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:39  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
  107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  111:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:42  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  111:50  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:11  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
  119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  134:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  183:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  212:18  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  213:46  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  214:17  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  217:45  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:69  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/frontmatter'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   11:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cli-progress'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  119:22  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  128:52  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  148:17  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  181:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  200:12  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  201:24  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  212:16  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  212:16  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  218:18  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  218:18  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  219:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  220:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  221:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  240:36  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  243:52  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  259:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  267:61  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  274:72  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  282:46  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  282:55  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  322:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  332:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  344:18  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  351:22  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  352:19  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  353:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  398:12  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  431:35  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/namespa
ce
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    3:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
    5:45  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
   15:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   23:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   39:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   43:59  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   55:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   76:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
   77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
   77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
   80:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   80:66  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
   83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
   85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  117:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  123:46  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  127:74  error    Unsafe member access .length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  154:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
  155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  165:58  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  197:61  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  209:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  221:31  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
  242:36  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  248:44  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
  249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  251:30  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  251:67  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:43  error    Unsafe member access .domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  255:87  error    Unsafe member access .tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:37  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:75  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
  259:52  error    Unsafe member access .domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
  271:18  error    Unexpected empty method 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    'path' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/benchmark'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:48  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   75:9   error    'samples' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   82:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  115:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  127:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  128:32  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  154:14  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  154:32  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:19  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  202:19  error    Unsafe member access .stat on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  202:42  error    Unsafe member access .isDirectory on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  206:23  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  207:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  208:41  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  220:31  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:10  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:28  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  244:54  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  262:56  error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'yargs/helpers'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:40  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'dotenv'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    9:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:13  error    'fs' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   10:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   11:13  error    'path' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   11:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   12:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/logger'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   13:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/config'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './utils/cost-manager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   16:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './commands'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   17:17  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../package.json'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   22:20  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   23:27  error    Unsafe member access .notify on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   24:10  error    'error' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   39:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   45:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   60:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   68:12  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   90:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  168:14  error    'e' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  176:1   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   64:3   error    Async method 'complete' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
   64:25  error    'prompt' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  266:34  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    4:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   13:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   13:21  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   14:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   25:28  error    Unsafe member access .readdir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   26:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   27:8   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   32:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   32:23  error    Unsafe member access .endsWith on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   34:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   34:21  error    Unsafe member access .includes on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:8   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   36:35  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   37:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   47:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type error

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   47:21  error    Unsafe member access .readFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   58:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   59:14  error    Unsafe member access .writeFile on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   70:14  error    Unsafe member access .remove on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   81:14  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
   91:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:69  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:13  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  137:22  error    Unsafe member access .statSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  138:25  error    Unsafe member access .size on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  149:20  error    Unsafe member access .toFixed on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  149:34  error    Invalid type "string | undefined" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  150:12  error    'error' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  159:26  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  159:26  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

       @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  159:51  error    Unsafe member access .exec on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  161:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `Function` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  163:58  error    Unsafe member access .stderr on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  163:65  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:74  error    Unsafe member access .message on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
  50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
  88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:22   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'inquirer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:19   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   48:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   53:126  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   58:69   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   81:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   89:68   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   95:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  107:15   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  122:10   error    Unsafe member access .split on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  123:10   error    Unsafe member access .map on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:10   error    Unsafe member access .filter on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `any` value in an array

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  133:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  151:39   error    'existingTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  151:63   error    'newTags' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  152:13   error    Unsafe array destructuring of a tuple element with an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  167:5    error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  173:3    error    Async method 'compareTagSets' has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    1:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    3:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:10  error    'logger' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:10  error    'costManager' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module './cost-manager'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:45  error    'ValidationError' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:68  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    8:46  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/core'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  109:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor

       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
  115:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  124:3   error    Async method 'loadTestCases' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  206:28  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  217:20  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  218:20  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  235:45  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  376:50  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  394:36  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  428:78  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  439:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  442:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  445:31  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  475:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'conf'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:29  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'cosmiconfig'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   10:24  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   11:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   12:18  warning  'path' imported multiple times

       import-x/no-duplicates
   13:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../mocks/utils'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   65:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  103:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  127:12  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:24  error    Do not delete dynamically computed property keys

       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
  177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  177:16  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDir on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  178:16  error    Unsafe member access .writeJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  189:20  error    Unsafe member access .pathExists on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  190:35  error    Unsafe member access .readJson on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  191:47  error    Unsafe argument of type error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  261:28  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  262:34  error    Unsafe member access .searchSync on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:7   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  263:22  error    Unsafe member access .config on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  263:29  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  291:25  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    2:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    3:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './config'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    4:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WORD' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CHARACTER' is assigned a value but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   62:11  error    'CostData' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  116:27  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  116:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  129:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  161:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  264:10  error    Unsafe member access .ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  265:10  error    Unsafe member access .writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  277:14  error    Unsafe member access .existsSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  278:29  error    Unsafe member access .readJSONSync on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
   12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
   41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   44:32  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  134:38  error    Invalid type "number | boolean" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  147:32  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  161:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  180:50  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  181:19  error    Unsafe member access .obsidianMagic on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  202:21  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'chalk'                             import-x/no-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'                               import-x/no-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'                             import-x/no-unresolved
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor                                         @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
   36:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy                       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module './logger'

                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'events'

                import-x/no-unresolved
  118:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  118:86  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  126:17  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  130:9   error    Expected the Promise rejection reason to be an Error

                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
  219:66  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:19  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProjec
t

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:75  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:61  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagManagementView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    4:67  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    5:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/TaggingService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/DocumentTagService'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/KeyManager'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:32  error    Unable to resolve path to module './ui/FolderTagModal'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   88:3   error    Promise-returning method provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
   88:3   error    Async method 'onunload' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   96:5   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  144:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  172:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  181:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  198:17  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  227:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  237:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  252:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  266:7   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  272:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  299:60  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  339:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  360:43  error    Promise returned in function argument where a void return was expected

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
  370:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an error typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  370:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  403:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `error` type typed value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/DocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    9:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/state'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   10:28  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@codemirror/language'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   14:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   54:26  error    'plugin' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   97:35  error    'view' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  142:11  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  154:13  error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/KeyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    1:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  101:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  104:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  105:22  error    Unsafe member access .setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  129:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  129:34  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  132:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  133:9   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  133:29  error    Unsafe member access .getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  153:27  error    Unsafe member access .invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  156:24  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
  157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
  157:22  error    Unsafe member access .deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
  250:5   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
  252:7   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  263:16  error    A `require()` style import is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/TaggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    4:87  error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/core'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    8:99  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   37:18  error    An interface declaring no members is equivalent to its supertype

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-empty-object-type
  133:54  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:86  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  197:22  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  202:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  212:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/errors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  179:9   error  Forbidden non-null assertion

     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderTagModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  1:49  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagManagementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   27:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  121:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  155:85  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  157:35  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  192:19  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  228:43  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisualizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    2:26  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
   29:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression                      @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
  158:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  159:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  160:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  161:13  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  172:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  173:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  174:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  175:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  178:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  179:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  180:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  181:7   error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  185:22  error    'zoom' is defined but never used                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  191:24  error    'filter' is defined but never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
  236:21  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  252:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
  275:88  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap                   @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefau
ltProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultPro
ject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including
it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in al
lowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowD
efaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allo
wDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in a
llowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it i
n allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-model-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   50:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   54:16  error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

       @typescript-eslint/return-await
   61:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   97:34  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  110:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  173:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  207:22  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  221:3   error    Async method 'fallbackGeneration' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  223:5   error    'options' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  242:39  error    Unnecessary conditional, the types have no overlap

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  253:52  error    Unsafe member access .registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  256:9   error    Async method 'provideLanguageModel' has no 'await' expression

       @typescript-eslint/require-await
  256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  260:40  error    Unsafe member access .find on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  260:59  error    Unsafe member access .role on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  266:56  error    Unsafe member access .content on an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  266:64  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  286:29  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  297:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:43  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'websocket'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error" instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-eslint/ban-ts-comment
    4:15  error    'Message' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    5:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'http'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    6:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module './participants/vscode-participant'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    7:34  error    Unable to resolve path to module './language-model-api'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   95:55  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  110:51  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  114:42  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  115:78  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:73  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:63  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  178:11  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  219:9   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  256:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  256:14  error    Unsafe member access .id on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  317:35  error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    2:27   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/mcp-server'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:37   error    Unable to resolve path to module './views/tag-explorer'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    4:41   error    Unable to resolve path to module './services/vault-integration'

        import-x/no-unresolved
    5:34   error    Unable to resolve path to module './cursor/language-model-api'

        import-x/no-unresolved
  124:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  126:43   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  162:101  error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  192:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  199:18   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  295:15   error    'progress' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  295:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  350:23   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  353:30   error    Unsafe member access .type on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  380:89   error    Async arrow function has no 'await' expression

        @typescript-eslint/require-await
  404:25   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  422:84   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  423:62   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  524:22   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  528:69   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  552:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  554:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  590:18   error    A `require()` style import is forbidden

        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  592:33   error    Unsafe member access .basename on an `any` value

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  617:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  624:22   error    Returning an awaited promise is required in this context

        @typescript-eslint/return-await
  627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-integration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

                                                                import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    2:21  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
    3:23  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'

                                                                import-x/no-unresolved
   56:5   error    Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
   81:19  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
   83:27  error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .configVersion on an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  124:55  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  140:16  error    'err' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  234:3   error    Async method 'handleFileChange' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  255:3   error    Async method 'handleFileCreation' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  276:3   error    Async method 'handleFileDeletion' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllVaults' has no 'await' expression

                                                                @typescript-eslint/require-await
  304:39  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  325:45  error    'token' is defined but never used

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  405:13  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

                                                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
  461:49  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                                @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
    1:25   error    Unable to resolve path to module 'vscode'

        import-x/no-unresolved
   17:82   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   17:143  error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   18:75   error    void is not valid as a constituent in a union type

        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
   33:16   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:22   error    'item' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:45   error    'element' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   36:63   error    'token' is defined but never used

        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  184:36   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  201:11   error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always falsy

        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  253:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  265:33   error    Invalid type "number" of template literal expression

        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  286:35   error    Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProj
ect

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
   86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
  218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

    import-x/export
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/taxonomy'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tagging/batch'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './openai/prompts'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './errors'

    import-x/no-unresolved
  38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:28  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  39:30  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  40:31  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  41:33  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  42:38  error  A `require()` style import is forbidden

    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
  45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  57:21  error  Unsafe member access .getTaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(n) `any` typed value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
  67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'                         import-x/no-unresolved
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression                @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
  341:32  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:13  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  345:21  error    Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
  440:24  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
  444:34  error    Forbidden non-null assertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
    5:20  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'openai'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    6:36  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'tiktoken'

            import-x/no-unresolved
    7:20  error    'AppError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:64  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'

            import-x/no-unresolved
  225:18  error    'parseError' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  315:19  error    '_' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  330:9   error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type

            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  330:25  error    Unsafe member access .status on an `any` value

            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  378:7   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  383:14  error    'error' is defined but never used

            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  393:14  error    Unexpected class with only static properties

            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
  560:44  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  582:43  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  603:41  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
   97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
  216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    6:33  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai/prompts'

       import-x/no-unresolved
    7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
    7:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
  112:26  error    Forbidden non-null assertion

       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  120:34  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  120:47  error    Unsafe member access .totalTokens on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  121:32  error    Invalid operand for a '+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`

       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
  121:45  error    Unsafe member access .estimatedCost on an `error` typed value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  125:59  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unknown` for a `catch` callback variable

       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
  149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  152:34  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`

       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  157:19  error    Expected an error object to be thrown

       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

       import-x/no-unresolved
    9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   12:35  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../openai'

       import-x/no-unresolved
   40:30  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   91:46  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   92:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  152:54  error    'tag' is defined but never used

       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  153:57  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  232:9   error    Unnecessary conditional, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true

       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
  240:40  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver




                                             import-x/no-duplicates
  285:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  298:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special characters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into individual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many languages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, disable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
  373:5   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read


                                             @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProje
ct

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/utils.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  4:10  error    'promisify' is defined but never used                                @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  4:27  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'util'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'                     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'                      import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'                   import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'                   import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'                 import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'                  import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union type  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   29:5  error  "design" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   30:5  error  "psychology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   31:5  error  "business" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   32:5  error  "science" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by string in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   34:5  error  "entertainment" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   35:5  error  "technology" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   36:5  error  "health" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   37:5  error  "education" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   38:5  error  "finance" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   39:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   40:5  error  "writing" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
   41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by string in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  208:5  error  "comparison" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  210:5  error  "critique" is overridden by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  211:5  error  "review" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  212:5  error  "history" is overridden by string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  213:5  error  "future" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  215:5  error  "innovation" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  219:5  error  "techniques" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  220:5  error  "resources" is overridden by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  221:5  error  "case-study" is overridden by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  222:5  error  "problem-solving" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  223:5  error  "decision-making" is overridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  224:5  error  "productivity" is overridden by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
  225:5  error  "communication" is overridden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'                            import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'                                import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'                           import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
    4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
   47:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
   71:37  error    Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
  146:11  error    Expected an error object to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'                            import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'                      import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'                             import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'                     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'                          import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'                        import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.ts
   12:10  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to r
ead  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
   81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" of template literal expression

     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
  59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
  77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/index.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
   47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
   99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
   99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `any` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  108:14  error  Forbidden non-null assertion

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
  111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
  136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  147:7   error  Promises must be awaited, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint/no-floating-promises
  170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any[]` array type

                                                              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
  4:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'                              import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/namespace
    1:1    warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver

        import-x/no-duplicates
  130:42   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  131:85   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  133:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  134:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  136:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:59   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  137:91   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  139:47   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:65   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  140:100  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  142:48   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:67   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  143:103  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  145:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  146:124  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  160:38   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  161:81   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  163:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  164:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  166:40   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:55   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  167:87   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  169:43   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:61   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  170:96   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  172:44   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:63   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  173:99   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  175:51   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:77   error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
  176:120  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver


              import-x/no-duplicates
    4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'


              import-x/no-unresolved
   12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
   15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used


              @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
  180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`


              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" | "technology" | "health" | "education"
| "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
              @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflection" | "planning" | "question" | "analy
sis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
  225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type


              @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject

✖ 1270 problems (1176 errors, 94 warnings)

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 51.274 total:
  User time: 53.122
  System time: 10.712
  CPU usage: 124%
  Max memory: 2876368 KB

```

---



---

_**User**_

For the code present, we get this error:
```
Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver
```
How can I resolve this? If you propose a fix, please make it concise.

---

_**Assistant**_



---



---



---

Your Lordship, the error "Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolver" typically occurs when TypeScript is having trouble resolving imports between packages in a monorepo setup.

For the testing package, I see two immediate issues:

1. The unused `promisify` import from 'util'
2. The Node.js 'util' module may not be properly configured in your TypeScript setup

Let me implement a fix:

---

```diff
   * Mock utility functions for testing
   */
- import { promisify } from 'util';
  
  /**
```

---



---



---

Next, let's update the TypeScript configuration to properly handle Node.js built-in modules:

---

```diff
      "composite": true,
      "rootDir": "src",
-     "outDir": "dist"
+     "outDir": "dist",
+     "types": ["node"]
    },
    "include": ["src/**/*"],
```

---



---



---

Let's check if the linter errors are resolved:

---

```bash
cd /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic && pnpm lint "packages/testing/src/**"
```

```
Removing from PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.b
in
Added to PATH: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/node_modules/.bin

> obsidian-magic@0.1.0 lint /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
> eslint . packages/testing/src/\*\*

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic
Warning: React version was set to "detect" in eslint-plugin-react settings, but
the "react" package is not installed. A
ssuming latest React version for linting.
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/scripts/build.js
  6:8  error  'path' is defined but never used  no-unused-vars

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config-intera
ctive.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                    import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                    import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:22  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'inquirer'                                                         
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/config'                                                  
                                    import-x/no-unresolved
                                          37:59  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          61:53  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          68:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          68:50  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          68:55  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          77:52  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          90:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          90:51  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          90:56  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          96:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          99:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          99:28  error    Unsafe member access .
pathExists on an `error` typed value                                          
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         115:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         127:26  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         127:52  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         127:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         135:45  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `(UnnamedDistinctQuestion<{ [x: string
]: any; }> & { name: string; })[]`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         135:58  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         140:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         141:44  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-express
ions                                     144:15  error    Unsafe array destructu
ring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                   
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         161:29  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         167:49  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                               @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         182:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         182:20  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDir on an `error` typed value                                           
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         185:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         185:20  error    Unsafe member access .
writeJson on an `error` typed value                                           
                                    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    4:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/config'
        import-x/no-unresolved
    8:8   error    Unable to resolve path to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'
        import-x/no-unresolved
    9:24  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../utils/logger'
        import-x/no-unresolved
   24:9   error    Async method 'handler' has no 'await' expression
        @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
                                          25:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          25:35  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                          30:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                          30:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                          30:31  error    Unsafe member access .
split on an `any` value                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                          30:42  error    Unsafe member access .
reduce on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                          30:70  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                          31:15  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                          31:15  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                          36:30  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                          38:49  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                          61:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
                                          62:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          62:42  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                          65:30  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                          67:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          68:22  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
                                          70:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          76:32  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                          92:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          92:36  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                          95:47  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                          99:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         101:56  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                         124:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         124:46  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                         132:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                         141:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                     @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
                                         142:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                         @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         149:18  error    Unexpected empty metho
d 'handler'                                    @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/index.ts
   1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver                    import-x/names
pace
                                          1:1   error    Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          1:1   error    Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/expor
t
                                          1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescri
pt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                    import-x/no-du
plicates
                                          6:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './tag'                                               import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          7:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './test'                                              import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          8:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './stats'                                             import-x/no-un
resolved
                                          9:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './taxonomy'                                          import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         10:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './config-interactive'                                import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         13:15  error    Unable to resolve path
to module './config'                                            import-x/no-un
resolved
                                         27:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         27:28  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         28:35  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         29:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         34:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         34:29  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         35:36  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         36:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         41:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         41:30  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         42:37  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         43:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         48:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         48:33  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         49:40  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         50:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                         55:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an
 `any` value                                                    @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         55:31  error    A `require()` style imp
ort is forbidden                                                @typescript-es
lint/no-require-imports
                                         56:38  error    Unsafe argument of type
 `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CommandModule<{}, {}>`  @typescript-es
lint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         57:12  error    'error' is defined but
never used                                                      @typescript-es
lint/no-unused-vars
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/stats.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/namespa
ce
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           3:39  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                   import-x/no-unre
solved
                                         107:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         107:95  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         111:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         111:42  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         111:50  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         118:11  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         119:41  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         134:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         160:41  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         183:28  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         212:18  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         213:22  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         213:46  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         214:17  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         217:45  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:19  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:35  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/tag.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/config'                                                  
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:69  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/frontmatter'                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:61  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          11:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'cli-progress'                                                     
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          14:31  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs/promises'                                                      
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                         119:22  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         128:52  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         148:14  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         148:17  error    Unsafe member access .
existsSync on an `error` typed value                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         177:39  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         181:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         200:12  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         201:24  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         212:16  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         212:16  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         218:18  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         218:18  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         219:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         220:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         221:44  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         240:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         240:33  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         240:36  error    Unsafe member access .
readFile on an `error` typed value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         243:52  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         256:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         259:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         267:61  error    Invalid type "string |
 undefined" of template literal expression                                    
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         274:72  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         282:46  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e error typed assigned to a parameter of type `string`                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         282:55  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         322:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         332:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         344:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         344:18  error    Unsafe member access .
writeFile on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         351:22  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         352:19  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         353:13  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         398:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         398:12  error    Unsafe member access .
writeFile on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         431:35  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/taxonomy.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/namespa
ce
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-dupl
icates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                 import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           3:49  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                            import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                  import-x/no-unre
solved
                                           5:45  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                             import-x/no-unre
solved
                                          15:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          23:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          39:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          40:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          40:38  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                          43:59  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          46:60  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          55:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          56:26  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          76:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                          77:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          77:51  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                          80:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          80:66  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`  @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                          83:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                          85:65  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         111:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         111:57  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         117:38  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         118:49  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         123:46  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         124:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         127:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         127:69  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         127:74  error    Unsafe member access .
length on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         130:71  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         154:9   error    Async method 'handler'
 has no 'await' expression                                    @typescript-esli
nt/require-await
                                         155:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         155:45  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         159:80  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         165:58  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         168:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         170:65  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         192:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         192:44  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         197:61  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         200:62  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         205:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         209:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         210:55  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         210:68  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         221:31  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         222:63  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         239:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         239:36  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any
                                         242:36  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         243:47  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         248:44  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`              @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument
                                         249:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         251:30  error    Unsafe member access .
domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         251:67  error    Unsafe member access .
tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         253:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         253:43  error    Unsafe member access .
domain on an `any` value                                      @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         255:59  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         255:74  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         255:87  error    Unsafe member access .
tags on an `any` value                                        @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:37  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:75  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         259:39  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                   @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions
                                         259:52  error    Unsafe member access .
domains on an `any` value                                     @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         271:18  error    Unexpected empty metho
d 'handler'                                                   @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-function
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/commands/test.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:8   error    'path' is defined but
never used                                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/logger'                                                  
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../utils/benchmark'                                               
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:48  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          75:9   error    'samples' is assigned
a value but never used                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          82:36  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         115:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         115:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         126:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         127:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         128:32  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         154:14  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         154:32  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         190:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         190:19  error    Unsafe member access .
pathExists on an `error` typed value                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         202:9   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         202:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         202:19  error    Unsafe member access .
stat on an `error` typed value                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         202:42  error    Unsafe member access .
isDirectory on an `error` typed value                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         206:23  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         207:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         208:41  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         220:31  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:10  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:28  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         244:54  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         262:56  error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        6:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'yargs'                                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'yargs/helpers'                                                    
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     8:40  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'dotenv'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     9:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    10:13  error    'fs' is defined but ne
ver used                                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         10:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    11:13  error    'path' is defined but
never used                                                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         11:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    12:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/logger'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    13:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/config'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    14:26  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/errors'                                                   
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    15:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './utils/cost-manager'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    16:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './commands'                                                       
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    17:17  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../package.json'                                                  
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    20:21  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        22:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                   22:20  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                                                             
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-require-imports                     23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                         23:3   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                         23:27  error    Unsafe member access .
notify on an `any` value                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access                24:10  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         39:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing              45:12  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         60:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing              68:12  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         90:13  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition              168:14  error    'e' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        176:1   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/core.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          64:3   error    Async method 'complete
' has no 'await' expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                          64:25  error    'prompt' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          64:50  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         197:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         239:15  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         253:15  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         266:34  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './core'
    import-x/no-unresolved
  6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/mocks/utils.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           4:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'util'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          13:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type error                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          13:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          13:21  error    Unsafe member access .
pathExists on an `error` typed value                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          14:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          25:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          25:25  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          25:28  error    Unsafe member access .
readdir on an `error` typed value                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          26:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type error                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          26:12  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          27:8   error    Unsafe member access .
filter on an `error` typed value                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          32:11  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          32:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          32:23  error    Unsafe member access .
endsWith on an `any` value                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          34:9   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          34:16  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          34:21  error    Unsafe member access .
includes on an `any` value                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          36:8   error    Unsafe member access .
map on an `error` typed value                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          36:35  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                          37:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          47:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type error                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                          47:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          47:21  error    Unsafe member access .
readFile on an `error` typed value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          58:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          58:14  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDir on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          59:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          59:14  error    Unsafe member access .
writeFile on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          70:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          70:14  error    Unsafe member access .
remove on an `error` typed value                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          81:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                          81:14  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDir on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                          91:39  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          91:69  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         129:13  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         137:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         137:19  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         137:22  error    Unsafe member access .
statSync on an `error` typed value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         138:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         138:25  error    Unsafe member access .
size on an `error` typed value                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         141:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         149:15  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         149:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         149:20  error    Unsafe member access .
toFixed on an `error` typed value                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         149:34  error    Invalid type "string |
 undefined" of template literal expression                                    
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         150:12  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         159:26  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `CustomPromisify<Function>`           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         159:26  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         159:51  error    Unsafe member access .
exec on an `any` value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         161:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         161:18  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `F
unction` typed value                                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         162:19  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         163:52  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         163:58  error    Unsafe member access .
stderr on an `any` value                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         163:65  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         163:74  error    Unsafe member access .
message on an `any` value                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         170:52  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         188:43  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         189:43  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         190:16  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/no-duplicates
  37:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         75:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/benchmark.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/commands.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/config.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/errors.ts
  23:30  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a log
ical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         29:9   error  Unnecessary conditional,
value is always truthy                                                        
    @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         41:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         55:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         69:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         83:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         97:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/types/index.d.ts
   1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as res
olver  import-x/no-duplicates
  19:54  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         24:39  error    'TagSet' is defined but
 never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-var
s
                                         50:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                         88:17  error    Unexpected any. Specify
 a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-a
ny
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/ui/tag-editor.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/default
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:22   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'inquirer'                                                        
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:19   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'chalk'                                                           
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:24   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module '../utils/logger'                                                 
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                          48:68   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          53:67   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          53:126  error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          58:69   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          81:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          89:68   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          95:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         107:15   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         121:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         121:20   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         122:10   error    Unsafe member access
.split on an `any` value                                                      
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         123:10   error    Unsafe member access
.map on an `any` value                                                        
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         124:10   error    Unsafe member access
.filter on an `any` value                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         128:36   error    Unsafe spread of an `
any` value in an array                                                        
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         133:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         143:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
type `any[]` to a variable of type `string[]`                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         144:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         151:39   error    'existingTags' is def
ined but never used                                                           
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         151:63   error    'newTags' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         152:13   error    Unsafe array destruct
uring of a tuple element with an `any` value                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         167:5    error    Unsafe return of a va
lue of type `any`                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         173:3    error    Async method 'compare
TagSets' has no 'await' expression                                            
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/benchmark.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           1:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:8   error    'chalk' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           3:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:10  error    'logger' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:10  error    'costManager' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           5:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './cost-manager'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:28  error    'FileSystemError' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:45  error    'ValidationError' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:68  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           8:46  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/core'                                                    
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                         109:25  error    Unexpected empty const
ructor                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-empty-function
                                         115:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         124:3   error    Async method 'loadTest
Cases' has no 'await' expression                                              
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         124:30  error    'testSetPath' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         206:28  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         217:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         217:20  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDir on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         218:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         218:20  error    Unsafe member access .
writeJson on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         220:51  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         235:45  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         376:50  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         394:36  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         428:78  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         439:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         442:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         445:31  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         475:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/config.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           4:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'conf'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'zod'                                                              
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:29  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'cosmiconfig'                                                      
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:49  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/utils'                                            
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'os'                                                               
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          10:24  warning  'path' imported multip
le times                                                                      
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          11:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          12:18  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          12:18  warning  'path' imported multip
le times                                                                      
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          13:27  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../mocks/utils'                                                   
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          64:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          65:7   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         103:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         127:12  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a ternary expression, as it is simpler to
 read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         152:24  error    Do not delete dynamica
lly computed property keys                                                    
       @typescript-eslint/no-dynamic-delete
                                         177:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         177:16  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDir on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         178:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         178:16  error    Unsafe member access .
writeJson on an `error` typed value                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         180:47  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         189:17  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         189:20  error    Unsafe member access .
pathExists on an `error` typed value                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         190:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         190:32  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         190:35  error    Unsafe member access .
readJson on an `error` typed value                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         191:47  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e error typed assigned to a parameter of type `Partial<Config>`               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         197:47  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         260:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         261:28  error    Unsafe member access .
searchSync on an `any` value                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         262:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         262:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         262:34  error    Unsafe member access .
searchSync on an `any` value                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         263:7   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                         263:22  error    Unsafe member access .
config on an `any` value                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         263:29  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         278:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         278:17  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         279:3   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         291:25  error    Type parameter T is us
ed only once in the function signature                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-parameters
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/cost-manager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './config'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:7   error    'MODEL_PRICING' is ass
igned a value but never used                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          21:7   error    'DEFAULT_PRICING' is a
ssigned a value but never used                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          27:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_WO
RD' is assigned a value but never used                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          28:7   error    'DEFAULT_TOKENS_PER_CH
ARACTER' is assigned a value but never used                                   
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          62:11  error    'CostData' is defined
but never used                                                                
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          71:11  error    'CostManagerOptions' i
s defined but never used                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         116:27  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         116:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         129:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         161:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         264:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         264:10  error    Unsafe member access .
ensureDirSync on an `error` typed value                                       
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         265:7   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         265:10  error    Unsafe member access .
writeJSONSync on an `error` typed value                                       
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         277:11  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         277:14  error    Unsafe member access .
existsSync on an `error` typed value                                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         278:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         278:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         278:29  error    Unsafe member access .
readJSONSync on an `error` typed value                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/errors.ts
   33:9   error  Unnecessary conditional, value is always truthy
                                       
     @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          44:34  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         130:26  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         134:28  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/frontmatter.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                          12:84  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          23:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          26:7   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                          41:32  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          44:32  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          76:38  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         110:70  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         118:44  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         134:38  error    Invalid type "number |
 boolean" of template literal expression                                      
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         147:32  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, any>`                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         157:76  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         161:21  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         179:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         180:50  error    Unsafe member access .
obsidianMagic on an `any` value                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         181:19  error    Unsafe member access .
obsidianMagic on an `any` value                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         197:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         202:21  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         203:5   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/logger.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           1:19  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'chalk'                             import-x/no-unresolved
    2:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'ora'
        import-x/no-unresolved
    3:53  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'boxen'
        import-x/no-unresolved
   30:25  error    Unexpected empty constructor
        @typescript-eslint/no-empty-fun
ction
                                          36:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         120:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                             @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-
any
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/src/utils/workflow.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './logger'                                                         
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:30  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'events'                                                           
                import-x/no-unresolved
                                         118:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         118:86  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         126:17  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Record<string, T> | PromiseLike<Recor
d<string, T>>`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         130:9   error    Expected the Promise r
ejection reason to be an Error                                                
                @typescript-eslint/prefer-promise-reject-errors
                                         219:66  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator           @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         232:19  error    Promise returned in fu
nction argument where a void return was expected                              
                @typescript-eslint/no-misused-promises
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/config.test
.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/commands/config.test.ts was no
t found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.jso
n or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/commands/tag.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/commands/tag.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json o
r including it in allowDefaultProject  
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/index.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/index.test.ts was not found by
 the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or inclu
ding it in allowDefaultProject         
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/tests/utils/logger.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/tests/utils/logger.test.ts was not f
ound by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json o
r including it in allowDefaultProject  
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/cli/vitest.config.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/c
li/vitest.config.ts was not found by th
e project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or includin
g it in allowDefaultProject            
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/main.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:75  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:61  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/TagManagementView'                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     4:67  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/TagVisualizationView'                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     5:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/TaggingService'                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     6:36  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/DocumentTagService'                                    
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:28  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './services/KeyManager'                                            
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     8:32  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './ui/FolderTagModal'                                              
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    88:3   error    Promise-returning meth
od provided where a void return was expected by extended/implemented type 'Plu
gin'                                                            @typescript-esli
nt/no-misused-promises                    88:3   error    Async method 'onunload
' has no 'await' expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                          96:5   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  144:13  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  172:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  181:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  198:17  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  212:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  227:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  237:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  252:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  266:7   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  272:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always falsy                                                      
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition              299:60  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         339:27  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                        360:43  error    Promise returned in fu
nction argument where a void return was expected                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-misused-promises                   370:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n error typed value                                                           
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  370:37  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                        403:13  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `e
rror` type typed value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-call                      
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/D
ocumentTagService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        9:33  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@codemirror/state'                                                
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    10:28  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@codemirror/language'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    14:8   error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    54:26  error    'plugin' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                         97:35  error    'view' is defined but
never used                                                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        142:11  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  154:13  error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/K
eyManager.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           1:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    3:74  error    Unable to resolve path to module './errors'
        import-x/no-unresolved
  100:15  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         101:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         101:27  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         104:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         104:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         105:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         105:22  error    Unsafe member access .
setPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         128:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         129:9   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         129:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         129:34  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         132:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         132:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         133:9   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         133:22  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         133:29  error    Unsafe member access .
getPassword on an `any` value                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         152:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         153:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         153:27  error    Unsafe member access .
invoke on an `any` value                       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         156:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         156:24  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                         157:15  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-ca
ll
                                         157:22  error    Unsafe member access .
deletePassword on an `any` value               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-me
mber-access
                                         250:5   error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                               @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-re
turn
                                         252:7   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         263:16  error    A `require()` style im
port is forbidden                              @typescript-eslint/no-require-i
mports
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/T
aggingService.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default                               1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-name
d-as-default-member                        4:87  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '@obsidian-magic/core'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     6:24  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     8:99  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './errors'                                                         
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    37:18  error    An interface declaring
 no members is equivalent to its supertype                                    
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-empty-object-type                  133:54  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             139:86  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       197:22  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-non-null-assertion                 202:9   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  212:78  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/services/e
rrors.ts
  160:57  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a lo
gical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         179:9   error  Forbidden non-null asser
tion                                                                          
     @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/types.d.ts
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/FolderT
agModal.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
                                         1:49  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagMana
gementView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           2:26  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                                                         
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          27:3   error    Async method 'onOpen'
has no 'await' expression                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         121:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         155:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         155:85  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         157:35  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         192:19  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         228:43  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/src/ui/TagVisu
alizationView.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           2:26  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'obsidian'                          import-x/no-unresolved
   29:3   error    Async method 'onOpen' has no 'await' expression
        @typescript-eslint/require-awai
t
                                         158:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         159:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         160:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         161:13  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         172:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         173:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         174:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         175:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         178:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         179:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         180:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         181:7   error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         185:22  error    'zoom' is defined but
never used                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
                                         191:24  error    'filter' is defined bu
t never used                                   @typescript-eslint/no-unused-va
rs
                                         236:21  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         252:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                  @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                         275:88  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                   @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/integrat
ion.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/integration.test.t
s was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsco
nfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.t
est.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/plugin.test.ts was
 not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.
json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/DocumentTagService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/DocumentT
agService.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either includin
g it in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/KeyManager.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/KeyManage
r.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in
the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/TaggingService.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/TaggingSe
rvice.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it
 in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/services
/errors.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/services/errors.te
st.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the
tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/Folde
rTagModal.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/FolderTagModal.
test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in th
e tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagMa
nagementView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagManagementVi
ew.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it in
 the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/obsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVi
sualizationView.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/o
bsidian-plugin/tests/ui/TagVisualizatio
nView.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it
 in the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/language-mod
el-api.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          50:34  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          51:79  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                          54:16  error    Returning an awaited p
romise is required in this context                                            
       @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                          61:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          97:34  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                          98:85  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         110:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         137:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         173:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         207:22  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `string | undefin
ed`    @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         221:3   error    Async method 'fallback
Generation' has no 'await' expression                                         
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         223:5   error    'options' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         242:39  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, the types have no overlap                                                  
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         243:95  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         253:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         253:26  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         253:47  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         253:52  error    Unsafe member access .
registerLanguageModelProvider on an `any` value                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         256:9   error    Async method 'provideL
anguageModel' has no 'await' expression                                       
       @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         256:47  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         257:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:17  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         260:31  error    Unsafe call of a(n) `a
ny` typed value                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         260:40  error    Unsafe member access .
find on an `any` value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         260:49  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         260:59  error    Unsafe member access .
role on an `any` value                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         266:43  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         266:56  error    Unsafe member access .
content on an `any` value                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         266:64  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         286:29  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Disposable`                          
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         297:35  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/mcp-server.t
s
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:43  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'websocket'                                                        
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:1   error    Use "@ts-expect-error"
 instead of "@ts-ignore", as "@ts-ignore" will do nothing if the following lin
e is error-free                                                 @typescript-esli
nt/ban-ts-comment                          4:15  error    'Message' is defined b
ut never used                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                          5:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'http'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     6:35  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './participants/vscode-participant'                                
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     7:34  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module './language-model-api'                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    15:30  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        16:21  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        16:37  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                        95:55  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         110:51  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         114:42  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         115:78  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         155:60  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       171:73  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             172:63  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             176:11  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                      178:11  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                      216:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  218:16  error    Unsafe member access .
type on an `any` value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               219:9   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                  220:23  error    Unsafe member access .
type on an `any` value                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               232:68  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-explicit-any                       233:11  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  234:33  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string`                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument                    237:61  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         243:13  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  248:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  248:18  error    Unsafe member access .
id on an `any` value                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               249:9   error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  252:45  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         255:33  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         256:9   error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `string | undefined`                  
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-argument                    256:14  error    Unsafe member access .
id on an `any` value                                                          
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               317:35  error    Unsafe return of a val
ue of type `any`                                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-return                    
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/cursor/participants
/vscode-participant.ts
  935:2  error  Parsing error: '}' expected

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/extension.ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'vscode'                                                          
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           2:27   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './cursor/mcp-server'                                             
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           3:37   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './views/tag-explorer'                                            
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           4:41   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './services/vault-integration'                                    
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           5:34   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module './cursor/language-model-api'                                     
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                         124:48   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         126:43   error    Invalid type "number"
 of template literal expression                                               
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         162:101  error    Async arrow function
has no 'await' expression                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         192:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         199:18   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         295:15   error    'progress' is defined
 but never used                                                               
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         295:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         350:23   error    Unsafe member access
.type on an `any` value                                                       
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         353:30   error    Unsafe member access
.type on an `any` value                                                       
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         380:89   error    Async arrow function
has no 'await' expression                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/require-await
                                         404:25   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         422:84   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         423:62   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         429:13   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         524:15   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         524:22   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         528:64   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         528:64   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         528:69   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         552:11   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         552:18   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         554:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         554:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         554:33   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         566:66   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         590:11   error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         590:18   error    A `require()` style i
mport is forbidden                                                            
        @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         592:7    error    Unsafe assignment of
an `any` value                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         592:28   error    Unsafe call of a(n) `
any` typed value                                                              
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         592:33   error    Unsafe member access
.basename on an `any` value                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         610:33   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         617:22   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         624:22   error    Returning an awaited
promise is required in this context                                           
        @typescript-eslint/return-await
                                         627:73   error    Invalid type "any" of
 template literal expression                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/services/vault-inte
gration.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
                                                                import-x/namespa
ce                                         1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
                                                                import-x/no-dupl
icates                                     1:25  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'vscode'                                                           
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     2:21  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs'                                                               
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                     3:23  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'path'                                                             
                                                                import-x/no-unre
solved                                    56:5   error    Promises must be await
ed, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handl
er or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-esli
nt/no-floating-promises                   79:3   error    Async method 'loadVaul
ts' has no 'await' expression                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                          81:19  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unnecessary-condition               83:27  error    Invalid type "number"
of template literal expression                                                
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         117:21  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  124:19  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  124:41  error    Unsafe member access .
configVersion on an `any` value                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-member-access               124:55  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             137:67  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/restrict-template-expressions         140:16  error    'err' is defined but n
ever used                                                                     
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        234:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leChange' has no 'await' expression                                           
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         255:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leCreation' has no 'await' expression                                         
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         276:3   error    Async method 'handleFi
leDeletion' has no 'await' expression                                         
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         296:3   error    Async method 'syncAllV
aults' has no 'await' expression                                              
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/require-await                         304:39  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             325:45  error    'token' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unused-vars                        405:13  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                                               
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/only-throw-error                      461:49  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator                                                           @typescript-esli
nt/prefer-nullish-coalescing             474:15  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-unsafe-assignment                  510:26  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
                                                                @typescript-esli
nt/no-non-null-assertion               
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/src/views/tag-explorer.
ts
    1:1    error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as r
esolver                                
        import-x/namespace
                                           1:1    error    Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1    warning  Resolve error: typesc
ript with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                
        import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:25   error    Unable to resolve pat
h to module 'vscode'                                                          
        import-x/no-unresolved
                                          17:82   error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          17:143  error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          18:75   error    void is not valid as
a constituent in a union type                                                 
        @typescript-eslint/no-invalid-void-type
                                          33:16   error    'element' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:22   error    'item' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:45   error    'element' is defined
but never used                                                                
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          36:63   error    'token' is defined bu
t never used                                                                  
        @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         184:36   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         201:11   error    Unnecessary condition
al, value is always falsy                                                     
        @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         253:44   error    Prefer using nullish
coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer op
erator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         265:33   error    Invalid type "number"
 of template literal expression                                               
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         286:35   error    Unsafe return of a va
lue of type `any`                                                             
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/integration/vscod
e-integration.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/v
scode/tests/integration/vscode-integrat
ion.test.ts was not found by the project service. Consider either including it i
n the tsconfig.json or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/vscode/tests/unit/extension.te
st.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/apps/v
scode/tests/unit/extension.test.ts was 
not found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.j
son or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config/default-tags.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/config
/default-tags.ts was not found by the p
roject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including i
t in allowDefaultProject               
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md
   21:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/pack
ages/core/README.md/1_1.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject        54:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/2_2.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject        86:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/3_3.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject       218:1  error  Parsing error: /Users/kha
llmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/README.md/4_4.ts was not foun
d by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or i
ncluding it in allowDefaultProject     
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/examples/cli-example.
ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packag
es/core/examples/cli-example.ts was not
 found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json
 or including it in allowDefaultProject
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver                                    
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                          1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript
 with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                    
    import-x/export
                                          9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging'                                                           
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging/taxonomy'                                                  
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         11:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './tagging/batch'                                                     
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './openai'                                                            
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         15:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './openai/prompts'                                                    
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './markdown'                                                          
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         21:15  error  Unable to resolve path to
 module './errors'                                                            
    import-x/no-unresolved
                                         38:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         38:28  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         39:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         39:30  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         40:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         40:31  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         41:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         41:33  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         42:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         42:38  error  A `require()` style impor
t is forbidden                                                                
    @typescript-eslint/no-require-imports
                                         45:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         45:24  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         46:34  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         47:26  error  Prefer using nullish coal
escing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer operat
or  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         51:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         51:27  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         54:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         54:26  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         57:5   error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any`
 typed value                                                                  
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         57:21  error  Unsafe member access .get
TaxonomyForPrompt on an `any` value                                           
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         61:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         61:29  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         64:9   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         64:34  error  Unsafe construction of a(
n) `any` typed value                                                          
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-call
                                         67:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         68:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         69:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         70:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         71:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `
any` value                                                                    
    @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/markdown/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
   14:31  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../errors'
        import-x/no-unresolved
  259:32  error    Invalid type "any" of template literal expression
        @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                         261:54  error    Invalid type "any" of
template literal expression                    @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                         267:29  error    Invalid type "unknown"
 of template literal expression                @typescript-eslint/restrict-tem
plate-expressions
                                         341:32  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         345:13  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         345:21  error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, value is always truthy                      @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-condition
                                         440:24  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                         444:34  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                         @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-
assertion
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
            import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-named-as-default
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
            import-x/no-named-as-default-member
                                           5:20  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'openai'                                                           
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:36  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'tiktoken'                                                         
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:20  error    'AppError' is defined
but never used                                                                
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           7:64  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../errors'                                                        
            import-x/no-unresolved
                                         225:18  error    'parseError' is define
d but never used                                                              
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         315:19  error    '_' is defined but nev
er used                                                                       
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         330:9   error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `number | undefined`                  
            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         330:19  error    Unexpected any. Specif
y a different type                                                            
            @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
                                         330:25  error    Unsafe member access .
status on an `any` value                                                      
            @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         378:7   error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         383:14  error    'error' is defined but
 never used                                                                   
            @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         393:14  error    Unexpected class with
only static properties                                                        
            @typescript-eslint/no-extraneous-class
                                         560:44  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         582:43  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         603:41  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator       @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/openai/prompts.ts
   43:14  error  Unexpected class with only static properties           @typescr
ipt-eslint/no-extraneous-class
   58:53  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression   @typescr
ipt-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                          97:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         109:28  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression      @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         120:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         129:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         138:24  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression  @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         216:40  error  Invalid type "number" of
 template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                         216:64  error  Invalid type "number" of
 template literal expression   @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expression
s
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/batch.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           6:10  error    'PromptTemplates' is d
efined but never used                                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           6:33  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai/prompts'                                                
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           7:10  error    'OpenAIClient' is defi
ned but never used                                                            
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                           7:30  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai'                                                        
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                         112:26  error    Forbidden non-null ass
ertion                                                                        
       @typescript-eslint/no-non-null-assertion
                                         120:34  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`            
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         120:47  error    Unsafe member access .
totalTokens on an `error` typed value                                         
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         121:32  error    Invalid operand for a
'+' operation. Operands must each be a number or string. Got `any`            
       @typescript-eslint/restrict-plus-operands
                                         121:45  error    Unsafe member access .
estimatedCost on an `error` typed value                                       
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
                                         125:59  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         147:18  error    Prefer the safe `: unk
nown` for a `catch` callback variable                                         
       @typescript-eslint/use-unknown-in-catch-callback-variable
                                         149:35  error    Unsafe assignment of a
n `any` value                                                                 
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
                                         152:34  error    Unsafe argument of typ
e `any` assigned to a parameter of type `Error`                               
       @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-argument
                                         157:19  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                                               
       @typescript-eslint/only-throw-error
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 
       import-x/namespace
                                           1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-duplicates
                                           1:1   error    Resolve error: typescr
ipt with invalid interface loaded as resolver                                 
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                           9:3   error    'TagBehavior' is defin
ed but never used                                                             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                          12:35  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module '../openai'                                                        
       import-x/no-unresolved
                                          40:30  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          91:46  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          92:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         152:54  error    'tag' is defined but n
ever used                                                                     
       @typescript-eslint/no-unused-vars
                                         153:57  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                         232:9   error    Unnecessary conditiona
l, comparison is always true, since `"merge" === "merge"` is true             
       @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-condition
                                         240:40  error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer ope
rator  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/src/tagging/taxonomy.
ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 





  import-x/namespace
1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er                                 





  import-x/no-duplicates                                                      28
5:11  error    Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an as
signment expression, as it is simpl
er to read




  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing                                29
8:13  error    Using the spread operator on a string can mishandle special chara
cters, as can `.split("")`.
- `...` produces Unicode code points, which will decompose complex emojis into i
ndividual emojis
- .split("") produces UTF-16 code units, which breaks rich characters in many la
nguages
Consider using `Intl.Segmenter` for locale-aware string decomposition.
Otherwise, if you don't need to preserve emojis or other non-Ascii characters, d
isable this lint rule on this line or c
onfigure the 'allow' rule option  @typescript-eslint/no-misused-spread
                                         373:5   error    Prefer using nullish c
oalescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpl
er to read




  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/core/tests/integration.tes
t.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packag
es/core/tests/integration.test.ts was n
ot found by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.js
on or including it in allowDefaultProject
                                                                              
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './mocks'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/testing/src/mocks/index.ts
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resolv
er  import-x/export
  5:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './utils'
    import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/export
   6:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/tags'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   7:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/api'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/plugin'
     import-x/no-unresolved
   9:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/cli'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  10:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './models/vscode'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/tags'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  14:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validators/api'
     import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/api.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/cli.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/plugin.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/tags.ts
   27:5  error  "software-development" is overridden by string in this union typ
e  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          28:5  error  "philosophy" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          29:5  error  "design" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          30:5  error  "psychology" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          31:5  error  "business" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          32:5  error  "science" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          33:5  error  "arts" is overridden by s
tring in this union type                  @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          34:5  error  "entertainment" is overri
dden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          35:5  error  "technology" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          36:5  error  "health" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          37:5  error  "education" is overridden
 by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          38:5  error  "finance" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          39:5  error  "productivity" is overrid
den by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          40:5  error  "writing" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                          41:5  error  "ai" is overridden by str
ing in this union type                    @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         206:5  error  "beginner" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         207:5  error  "advanced" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         208:5  error  "comparison" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         209:5  error  "tutorial" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         210:5  error  "critique" is overridden
by string in this union type              @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         211:5  error  "review" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         212:5  error  "history" is overridden b
y string in this union type               @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         213:5  error  "future" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         214:5  error  "trends" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         215:5  error  "innovation" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         216:5  error  "ethics" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         217:5  error  "impact" is overridden by
 string in this union type                @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         218:5  error  "tools" is overridden by
string in this union type                 @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         219:5  error  "techniques" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         220:5  error  "resources" is overridden
 by string in this union type             @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         221:5  error  "case-study" is overridde
n by string in this union type            @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         222:5  error  "problem-solving" is over
ridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         223:5  error  "decision-making" is over
ridden by string in this union type       @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         224:5  error  "productivity" is overrid
den by string in this union type          @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                         225:5  error  "communication" is overri
dden by string in this union type         @typescript-eslint/no-redundant-type
-constituents
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/models/vscode.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/api.t
s
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  6:30  error    Unable to resolve path to module './tags'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/src/validators/tags.
ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  5:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/types/tests/types.test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packag
es/types/tests/types.test.ts was not fo
und by the project service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or
 including it in allowDefaultProject   
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/config/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
                                         4:19  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'zod'                               import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  6:16  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'os'
      import-x/no-unresolved
  8:57  error    Unable to resolve path to module '../file'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/file/index.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/namespace
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-unresolved
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-duplicates
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default
    1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver  import-x/no-named-as-default-me
mber
                                           4:16  error    Unable to resolve path
 to module 'fs-extra'                          import-x/no-unresolved
    5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
        import-x/no-unresolved
    6:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
        import-x/no-unresolved
   38:11  error    Unsafe assignment of an `any` value
        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-as
signment
                                          47:11  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
                                          71:37  error    Type parameter T is us
ed only once in the function signature         @typescript-eslint/no-unnecessa
ry-type-parameters
                                         146:11  error    Expected an error obje
ct to be thrown                                @typescript-eslint/only-throw-e
rror
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/index.ts
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-unresolved
   1:1   error  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/export
   8:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './file'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  13:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './string'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  18:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './validation'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  23:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './tag'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  28:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './config'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  33:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './prompt'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  38:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './performance'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  43:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './object'
     import-x/no-unresolved
  48:15  error  Unable to resolve path to module './markdown'
     import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/markdown/index.t
s
   12:10  error  Prefer using nullish coalescing operator (`??`) instead of a te
rnary expression, as it is simpler to r
ead  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                          73:30  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression                                                     
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                          75:52  error  Invalid type "any" of te
mplate literal expression                                                     
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                          81:27  error  Invalid type "unknown" o
f template literal expression                                                 
     @typescript-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
                                         108:48  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??`) instead of a logical or (`||`), as it is a safer opera
tor  @typescript-eslint/prefer-nullish-coalescing
                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/object/index.ts
  21:52  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  33:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  34:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  35:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  36:18  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  38:13  error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  38:53  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  58:21  error  Type parameter T is used only once in the function signature  @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unnecessary-type-pa
rameters
                                         59:23  error  Unexpected any. Specify a
 different type                      @typescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  68:15  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type                      @t
ypescript-eslint/no-explicit-any
  74:5   error  Unsafe assignment of an `any` value                           @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-assignment
  74:21  error  Unsafe member access [key] on an `any` value                  @t
ypescript-eslint/no-unsafe-member-acces
s
                                         77:3   error  Unsafe return of a value
of type `any`                        @typescript-eslint/no-unsafe-return

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/performance/inde
x.ts
   12:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                       
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          13:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          16:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                       30:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          31:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          34:21  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                       47:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          71:46  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          84:12  error  Prefer using nullish coa
lescing operator (`??=`) instead of an assignment expression, as it is simpler
 to read                                                      @typescript-eslint
/prefer-nullish-coalescing                99:45  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                          99:55  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         108:7   error  Unsafe return of type `a
ny` from function with return type `ReturnType<T>`                            
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-return                        108:14  error  Forbidden non-null asser
tion                                                                          
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-non-null-assertion                   111:11  error  Unsafe assignment of an
`any` value                                                                   
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-assignment                    112:20  error  Unsafe argument of type
`any` assigned to a parameter of type `ReturnType<T>`                         
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                      113:5   error  Unsafe return of a value
 of type `any`                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-return                        136:7   error  Unsafe assignment of an
`any` value                                                                   
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-assignment                    136:37  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         147:7   error  Promises must be awaited
, end with a call to .catch, end with a call to .then with a rejection handler
 or be explicitly marked as ignored with the `void` operator  @typescript-eslint
/no-floating-promises                    170:17  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         171:12  error  Unexpected any. Specify
a different type                                                              
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-explicit-any                         175:27  error  Unsafe spread of an `any
[]` array type                                                                
                                                              @typescript-eslint
/no-unsafe-argument                    
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/prompt/index.ts
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/namespace
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-unresolved
  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-duplicates
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default
  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver  import-x/no-named-as-default-memb
er
                                         4:16  error    Unable to resolve path t
o module 'fs/promises'                       import-x/no-unresolved
  5:18  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'path'
      import-x/no-unresolved

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/string/index.ts
   36:48  error  Unsafe return of a value of type `any`                @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-return
   36:48  error  Unsafe call of a(n) `any` typed value                 @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-call
   36:53  error  Unsafe member access .toUpperCase on an `any` value   @typescri
pt-eslint/no-unsafe-member-access
  132:15  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:13  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:27  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions
  139:48  error  Invalid type "number" of template literal expression  @typescri
pt-eslint/restrict-template-expressions

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/tag/index.ts
  1:1  error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/namespace
  1:1  warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as resol
ver  import-x/no-duplicates

/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/packages/utils/src/validation/index
.ts
    1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as re
solver                                 

                                                     import-x/namespace

  1:1   error    Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver                                 

                                                     import-x/no-unresolved

  1:1   warning  Resolve error: typescript with invalid interface loaded as reso
lver                                 

                                                     import-x/no-duplicates

  4:19  error    Unable to resolve path to module 'zod'
                                     

                                                     import-x/no-unresolved

 12:3   error    'TopicalTag' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
 13:3   error    'TagConfidence' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
 15:3   error    'ConfidenceScore' is defined but never used
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unuse
d-vars
180:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
string`                              

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
180:51  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
207:27  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"software-development" | "philosophy"
 | "design" | "psychology" | "business" | "science" | "arts" | "entertainment" |
 "technology" | "health" | "education" | "finance"`  @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
207:36  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
216:30  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"health" | "finance" | "career" | "re
lationships" | "learning" | "projects" | "personal-growth" | "hobby"`
                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
216:39  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any
225:38  error    Unsafe argument of type `any` assigned to a parameter of type `
"theory" | "practical" | "meta" | "ca
sual" | "adhd-thought" | "deep-dive" | "exploration" | "experimental" | "reflect
ion" | "planning" | "question" | "analysis"`         @typescript-eslint/no-unsaf
e-argument
225:47  error    Unexpected any. Specify a different type
                                     

                                                     @typescript-eslint/no-expli
cit-any                                                                       
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/commands/test.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/co
mmands/test.ts was not found by the pro
ject service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it
in allowDefaultProject                 
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/core.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mo
cks/core.ts was not found by the projec
t service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
allowDefaultProject                    
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mocks/utils.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/mo
cks/utils.ts was not found by the proje
ct service. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in
 allowDefaultProject                   
/Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/types.d.ts
  0:0  error  Parsing error: /Users/khallmark/Desktop/Code/obsidian-magic/src/ty
pes.d.ts was not found by the project s
ervice. Consider either including it in the tsconfig.json or including it in all
owDefaultProject                       
✖ 1229 problems (1136 errors, 93 warnings)

 ELIFECYCLE  Command failed with exit code 1.

Task completed in 47.014 total:
  User time: 49.336
  System time: 9.430
  CPU usage: 124%
  Max memory: 2686400 KB

```

---



---



---

Let's check if our changes fixed the specific issue with the testing package:

---

Cancelled

---



---



---

